the Christmas balls cut off the press
newspaper delivery morning edition
steepest which is precisely what I'm in
business to do as well get the free saw
now Merry Christmas bon voyage and
please vacate the premises by 1600 hours
that's now we were scheduled to do an
activity at four in front of the store
so go ahead we haven't closed the
sidewalk what's the point if there's no
one to watch us look around the street
is almost deserted well I'm sorry your
box office is down perhaps it's your
wardrobe you mean you don't shop at your
own store never prices are too high you
mean you don't shop at your own store
never prices are too high you mean you
don't shop at your own store never
prices are too high nothing has ever
been done this way before come with me
sergeant Buchanan I need the file report
at the precinct officers around the
corner and I hope daddy never has to see
this the answers are yes no not
necessarily and you're out of your mind
let's go sergeants gonna finish my jelly
doughnut first sergeant all right but
they only got peppermint on one day what
are you doing what are you doing so what
are you doing so what are you doing
standing on the furniture what is she
saying miss Plunkett uh thank you I
think herzog daddy it should come as no
surprise that I would Institute a
marketing campaign that would so capture
the severe to this season I met some
resistance at first but I alone stood
firm insisting that regulations not
stand in the way of making everyone's
Christmas wish okay bye daddy
have you ever seen so much so much green
stuff yes green stuff goodbye green
stuff but the Captain's Log isn't
damaged well we can fix that great day
in the morning who left this peppermint
jelly doughnut in accounts receivable
know what's the Daisy and I think we
also need to do something about this
whistle but that's damaged too well just
take a closer look your Elliott a little
something from me to you your Doreen why
thank you mrs. McGee well I know how
much you like green stuff now you better
hurry home you have a tree an anxious
five-year-old waiting for that angel
you're right Merry Christmas lady